---
layout:     post
title:      Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality Analysis
subtitle:   application, 
date:       2022-09-08
author:     Yinhao
header-img: img/fabio-oyXis2kALVg-unsplash.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - Tech / 科技
---

## Introduction
Augmented Reality (AR) and Virtual Reality (VR) have rapidly developed in recent decades, and they are widely used in real-life scenarios. In this article, some key applications of Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality, the difference between these two technologies, and whether they are considered mature technologies or emerging technologies, will be discussed.

## Applications of Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality
### Augmented Reality Applications
*Augmented Reality (AR) is a more dimensional extension of the real world. Augmentation here refers to the superimposition of the virtual world onto the real world through a display screen. AR can be divided into the following categories:*

**Tag-based Augmented Reality** generally uses a pattern defined in advance and is recognised by the camera of cell phones and tablets, which will automatically trigger (preset) virtual objects to be presented on the screen after recognition. For example, Kan et al. (2009) first combine QR code and AR system to develop a demo, which is visualised as a 3-dimensional virtual object that appears at the QR code position. Because QR code recognition technology is very mature, simple and convenient, with fast recognition and a high success rate. In addition, the QR code pattern allows the camera to easily calculate the lens position and direction.

**Geolocation-based Augmented Reality (LBS)** generally uses GPS, electronic compass, accelerometer, and other sensors embedded in smart devices such as cell phones to provide location data. It is most commonly used in map-type applications. For example, when you open the cell phone application to turn on the camera to take pictures of the street, the screen can display the names of nearby businesses, reviews, and other information. It can also be used for live view navigation, etc. Dünser et al. (2012) developed such an outdoor navigation software which shows virtual points of interests (POIs) anchored to the phone’s camera view.

**Projection-based Augmented Reality** projects information directly onto the surface of real objects to present information. For example, in Figure 1, the dialling keys of a cell phone are projected onto the hand to make a phone call, or people can type using a virtual projected keyboard. The HUD (Head-up Display), as Figure 2 shows, used in the front windshield of a car can directly project the speed, fuel consumption, engine speed, navigation, and other information directly onto the front windshield without the need to look down at the meter or cell phone (Liu, Y. C., & Wen, M. H., 2004), which is very dangerous when driving at high speed. HUD technology truly helps the driver to perceive the car condition more conveniently and comprehensively and improve driving safety (Gabbard et al., 2019).

**Scene understanding-based augmented reality** is the most widely used and promising form of AR presentation at present. Among them, object recognition and scene understanding play a crucial role and are directly related to the realism of the final presentation. The most famous is the Pokemon Go (Figure 3) game launched by Nintendo of Japan in 2016, which makes the use of AR technology (Rauschnabel et al., 2017). Players can discover the genie in the real environment through the phone screen, and then capture or battle it. 

### Virtual Reality Applications
_VR is the presentation of a completely virtual world to the user through a variety of head-mounted displays, which are generally fully enclosed and give a sense of immersion. VR has applications in the following industries:_

**In the entertainment industry**, the combination of VR technology and amusement is self-evident. The game is also the best application scenario for VR at present because of the unparalleled immersion. In areas with lax policies, it can achieve rapid dissemination. Fantasy, science fiction, and other subjects can also get an extraordinary sense of view. Interaction designs that are close to natural logic could also revolutionise video games (Sweetser et al., 2019).

**In the education industry**, apart from the inculcation of basic knowledge in children's training, the most important thing is the cultivation of curiosity and imagination (Horvath, 2016). Compared to virtual reality applications, books and movies have limited inspiration for imagination and curiosity, thus demonstrating how crucial a role VR is playing (Horváth, 2018).

**In the marketing industry**, real estate is the most important application of VR marketing. VR establishes an intuitive communication platform between buyers and the salesperson, designer, and builder (Hou & Wu, 2020). Nieradka, 2019). VR benefits on mutual understanding and eliminate communication ambiguity by displaying 3D virtual object (Nieradka, 2019).

**In the information technology industry**, current online office software has some limitations and only supports us in dealing with a minor part of the work, such as meetings, teleconferencing or video conferencing. As Figure 4 shows, a virtual office could benefit people who work from home by providing a more realistic work environment (Kugler, 2017).

## Differences of Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality
In terms of **definition**, virtual reality (VR), where the scenes and people you see are all fake, is a way to bring your consciousness into a virtual world. While in Augmented Reality (AR), the scenes and people you see are partly real and partly fake, bringing virtual information into the real world.

**Implementation methods are different**. The existing mainstream VR headset technology provides different images for the user's left and right eyes by positioning the user's position and using binocular parallax to deceive the visual centre to create an illusion. AR’s reconstruction works by measuring the distance between the user and the object in the real scene to realise the interaction between the virtual object and the real scene (Garrett et al., 2018). 

**The technical parts are different**. In VR, the equipment is based on an immersive headset. prefered interaction between the user and the virtual scene. For example, position trackers, data gloves, motion capture systems, data helmets, etc (Nieradka, 2019). Due to the need to combine reality and virtual scenes through the camera, AR technology can be realised through electronic products with cameras by installing AR software. For instance, mobile phones, ipads, etc.

## Current stage of Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality in Gartner Hyper Cycle
In accordance with the *Gartner Hyper Cycle* (Dedehayir & Steinert, 2016), in my opinion, both technologies are mature technologies. Augmented Reality has reached the "Slope of Enlightenment" stage, whereas Virtual Reality has only recently exited the "Slope of Enlightenment" phase and entered the "Plateau of Productivity" phase. 

The **Augmented Reality** already passed its “peak of inflated expectation” phase, now there are barriers to its mainstream adoption, such as high-cost hardware (Shrivastava, 2022). The biggest shortcoming is its cost. AR products are still in the early stages of development, the relevant new product offer starts from AUD 4000 (Kress et al., 2014) (Billinghurst et al., 2015). Furthermore, AR applications sometimes are only for enterprise-level user customisation (Zhan et al, 2020).

**Virtual Reality** has entered the commercialisation stage. The current retail offer of headsets is between AUD 400 and 1000. It’s much cheaper than it was (Zhan et al., 2020), which is affordable to general end consumers based on current market price. Most importantly, since there are already a very large number of applications that make up the VR ecosystem, more users are likely to join the VR community. However, it has some drawbacks. Currently, VR headsets are wired to the computer host or other processor, although the wireless connection is in the development stage and not yet widely used because there are certain technical bottlenecks (Sweetser et al., 2019.

In addition, both technologies have one common problem, which is the privacy risk (Kaspersky, 2022). While these wonderful technologies continue to gain increasing popularity and maturity, they also attract malicious actors (such as hackers) to carry out terrible activities. Like any other technology, AR and VR can thrive on data. To provide consumers with the best immersive experience they can have, developers are trying to collect more and more high-quality content. This is just an opportunity for hackers to steal, intercept, or disrupt content, thus severely disrupting the customer experience.
In conclusion, AR and VR both have exited their peak of inflated expectations, while VR technology is one step ahead compared to AR, in terms of cost and user market. However, there exist problems that need to be addressed, such as privacy issues.

References
- Kjærside, K., Kortbek, K. J., Hedegaard, H., & Grønbæk, K. (2005). ARDressCode: augmented dressing room with tag-based motion tracking and real-time clothes simulation. In Proceedings of the central european multimedia and virtual reality conference (pp. 511-515).
- Kan, T. W., Teng, C. H., & Chou, W. S. (2009, December). Applying QR code in augmented reality applications. In Proceedings of the 8th International Conference on Virtual Reality Continuum and its Applications in Industry (pp. 253-257).
- Garrett, B. M., Anthony, J., & Jackson, C. (2018). Using mobile augmented reality to enhance health professional practice education. Current Issues in Emerging eLearning, 4(1), 10.
- Dünser, A., Billinghurst, M., Wen, J., Lehtinen, V., & Nurminen, A. (2012). Exploring the use of handheld AR for outdoor navigation. Computers & Graphics, 36(8), 1084-1095.
- Mine, M. R., Van Baar, J., Grundhofer, A., Rose, D., & Yang, B. (2012). Projection-based augmented reality in disney theme parks. Computer, 45(7), 32-40.
- Gabbard, J. L., Smith, M., Tanous, K., Kim, H., & Jonas, B. (2019). AR drivesim: An immersive driving simulator for augmented reality head-up display research. Frontiers in Robotics and AI, 6, 98.
- Rauschnabel, P. A., Rossmann, A., & tom Dieck, M. C. (2017). An adoption framework for mobile augmented reality games: The case of Pokémon Go. Computers in Human Behavior, 76, 276-286.
- Chong, Y., Sethi, D. K., Loh, C. H. Y., & Lateef, F. (2018). Going forward with pokemon go. Journal of emergencies, trauma, and shock, 11(4), 243.
- Nayyar, A., Mahapatra, B., Le, D., & Suseendran, G. (2018). Virtual Reality (VR) & Augmented Reality (AR) technologies for tourism and hospitality industry. International journal of engineering & technology, 7(2.21), 156-160.
- Liu, Y. C., & Wen, M. H. (2004). Comparison of head-up display (HUD) vs. head-down display (HDD): driving performance of commercial vehicle operators in Taiwan. International Journal of Human-Computer Studies, 61(5), 679-697.
- Kugler, L. (2017). Why virtual reality will transform a workplace near you. Communications of the ACM, 60(8), 15-17.
- Sweetser, P., Rogalewicz, Z., & Li, Q. (2019, November). Understanding enjoyment in VR games with GameFlow. In 25th ACM Symposium on Virtual Reality Software and Technology (pp. 1-2).
- Horvath, I. (2016, October). Innovative engineering education in the cooperative VR environment. In 2016 7th IEEE international conference on cognitive infocommunications (CogInfoCom) (pp. 000359-000364). IEEE.
- Horváth, I. (2018, August). Evolution of teaching roles and tasks in VR/AR-based education. In 2018 9th IEEE International Conference on Cognitive Infocommunications (CogInfoCom) (pp. 000355-000360). IEEE.
- Hou, H. C., & Wu, H. (2020). Technology for real estate education and practice: a VR technology perspective. Property Management.
- Nieradka, P. (2019). Using virtual reality technologies in the real estate sector. Annales Universitatis Mariae Curie-Skłodowska, sectio H–Oeconomia, 53(2), 45-53.
- Dedehayir, O., & Steinert, M. (2016). The hype cycle model: A review and future directions. Technological Forecasting and Social Change, 108, 28-41.
- Shrivastava, A. (2022). AUGMENTED REALITY. Linkedin.com. Retrieved 30 August 2022, from https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/augmented-reality-ayushi-shrivastava/.
- Kress, B., Saeedi, E., & Brac-de-la-Perriere, V. (2014). The segmentation of the HMD market: optics for smart glasses, smart eyewear, AR and VR headsets. Photonics Applications for Aviation, Aerospace, Commercial, and Harsh Environments V, 9202, 107-120.
- Billinghurst, M., Clark, A., & Lee, G. (2015). A survey of augmented reality. Foundations and Trends® in Human–Computer Interaction, 8(2-3), 73-272.
- Zhan, T., Yin, K., Xiong, J., He, Z., & Wu, S. T. (2020). Augmented reality and virtual reality displays: perspectives and challenges. Iscience, 23(8), 101397.
- Kaspersky. (2022) What are the Security and Privacy Risks of VR and AR. www.kaspersky.com. (2022). Retrieved 30 August 2022, from https://www.kaspersky.com/resource-center/threats/security-and-privacy-risks-of-ar-and-vr.

